## Chapter One
**Reading Passage**
This work presents a series of studies on recent methods of characterization and of determinable structures of macromolecular compounds. It is the collective work of several specialists and constitues a volume particuliarly important.  ... The author begins by a study on the microactivities and on the methods of determination of the stereoregularities in solid state and in solution.  ... Two important chapters treat the diffusion of X rays ar short angles and the diffraction of elections. Nuclear magnetic resonance is the subject of one chapter, with its utilization for the determination of the configuration and of the strcuture of macromolecular chains. Differential thermical analysis is then developed at length. An abundant bibligraphy completes each chapter. A table of contents finishes the work, which will certainly be received with much favor.

## Chapter Two
**Reading Passage**
* Les ressources principales de l'île sont, dans l'ordre : la bauxite, la canne à sucre, le tourisme, les bananes, le rhum et le café. Le pays fait un grand progrès dans l'industrialisation. L'implantation de nouvelles entreprises industrielles et la construction d'hôtels sont encouragées par une exonération de tous les impôts pendant sept ans.
Parmi les impressions qui assaillent les visiteurs, deux dominent : la volonté des forces vives de la nation de contribuer à la grandeur du pays, où le souvenir de l'esclavage reste vif, et la compétence et la maturité des dirigeants, qui continuent d'ailleurs de s'entourer de spécialistes anglo-saxons partout où ils en ressentent le besoin.
La religion anglicane est la plus répandue. On trouve ensuite des baptistes, des méthodistes, des presbytériens, des catholiques romains et des juifs...
L'université joue un rôle essentiel dans le développement de la nouvelle nation. Dans le domaine de l'éducation, notamment, on ne peut qu'admirer l'esprit de saine collaboration qui règne entre les services gouvernementaux, les anciennes institutions d'enseignement et le nouveau département de pédagogie de l'université.

The main resources of the island are, in order: bauxite, sugar cane, tourism, bananas, rum and coffee.The country is making great progress in industrialization. The implantation of new industrial enterprises and the construction of hotels are encouraged by an exemption of all taxes for seven years.
Among the impressions which beset the visitors, two dominate: the will of the nation's active forces to contribute to the greatness of the country, where the memory of slavery remains vivid, and the competence and maturity of the leaders, who moreover continue to surround themselves with Anglo-Saxon specialists wherever they feel the need of it.
The Anglican religion is the most widespread. Next, one finds Baptists, Methodists, Prebyterians, Roman Catholics and Jews...
The university plays an essential role in the development of the new nation. In the field of education, notably, one cannot but admire the spirit of healthy collaboration which reigns between the government services, the former educational institutions and the university's new department of pedagogy.